Genesis

Genesis is a derivative work of ColdMUD. The concise history of it, from
ColdMUD, can be found in the CHANGES file. The name change is to make a
distinction between the developmental time Greg Hudson spent (versions 0.0
through 0.10)--followed by various changes from a few contributors,
including Greg Hudson (versions 0.11 and 0.12)--and those made under the
management of the Cold Project.

The Cold Project is a conglomeration of programmers dedicated to advancing
the driver and any relative databases. Information on the Cold Project can
be found via http at:

    http://www.cold.org/

The Cold Project is a free software organization. If you enjoyed software
the project distributes and/or maintains, donations of any type to continue
their existence will be accepted. Donations may be made anonymously. All
donations are used to continue and extend the Cold Project (The Cold
Project maintains a server for development and distribution. Donations are
regularly used in maintaining and improving the server. Hardware and
monetary donations are both encouraged).

Information on Cold Project Contributors can be found at:

    http://www.cold.org/info/contrib.html

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ColdMUD

This program borrows many ideas from LambdaMOO, written by Stephen White and
Pavel Curtis, and COOLMUD, written by Stephen White.

The database routines in this code originate from code by Marcus J. Ranum,
although only the block allocation algorithm is currently similar to his
code. The cache algorithm also uses his ideas.

The regular expression matcher used by Coldmud (regexp.c) was written by
Henry Spencer.

Numerous people have contributed valuable ideas and debugging effort. Among
them are Jay Carlson, Erik Ostrom, Matthew Rhoten, Loyd Blankenship, Gregory
Blake, Jeff Prothero, Nils McCarthy, Brandon Gillespie, Ron Strait, Alex
Stewart, Jordan Baker, Ryan Daum, Doug Orleans, Matthew Gray, and Scott
Dickenshied.

